he's talking to the media right now
inside Staple Center we got to go to him
Kobe Bryant scored 81 tonight against
the
Raptors I feel pretty good feel pretty
good uh it hasn't really sank in yet man
it's just um we had four days off coming
up here and I've been sick as a dog if
we lost this game um so I just wanted to
step up and uh Inspire us to play a
better game and you know it turned into
something pretty special
kobby going back like to when you were a
little kid how far do we got to go to
find that many points like Elementary
School driveway with the dad never never
I not even in my
dreams not even in my dreams and it was
something that just kind of it just
happened man it just happened it's tough
to explain it's just
uh I don't know it's just one of those
things one of the things we were all
asking ourselves was when was Toronto
going to start doubling or tripling you
and and were surpris they
um uh a little bit I you I noticed that
they they started zoning me up a lot
more and I started to sing guys at me
you know and I just moved the ball on
and uh then when I got it back I got in
a position where I could attack quickly
and and you know get to a position where
I'm on a spot on the floor I could shoot
a pullup jump shot or get all way to the
bask before the double team came and uh
you try to draw some fouls what does it
mean to you to break elen Baylor's
record and hold the Laker record with
all those great players all time you
know it's um and it's such a blessing
you know to play for this organization
that that's had so many great players um
you know some of the greatest players to
ever play the game and um you know it
was more special to me than even the
game itself um was talking to Magic
after the game you that meant more to me
than than the game itself you know
because I I idolized him as a kid and
you know for him to to to call me and
tell me what a great game it was and how
proud of me you know he is um that that
made more than me than 81 points that
felt really really good man you know
Phil said tonight after the Phoenix game
that he thought your legs were a little
heav a little tired were you pack fatig
and and were you fatig tonight as well
no you know my my hips were a little
sore um so I had to you know um when we
got home from Phoenix I did therapy at
home um you know really late at night
and then you know last night as well did
some therapy to get ready for tonight's
game um so you know my muscle were kind
of locking up on me so I needed to
address that and uh take care of my body
so I can be ready for tonight Lamar said
you were pretty ticked off when it got
to be 18 points and I asked him what you
said he said you said nothing and that's
how ticked off I mean you were ticked
off the last time after that loss right
before the Dallas game is that kind of
the same feeling you have you just
exactly I was just determined you know
just locked in just tuned in to what was
going on out there and just blocked
everything out and uh just zeroed in on
being more aggressive and uh just
setting the tempo um so this was very
simil IL to the Dallas game as far as
you know my mentality Kobe as hot as you
were in the third quarter third quarter
was there a point where you looked up
and said at 56 or what point did you
know you're on AAR and wanted to
continue um I think it was Lamar who
whisper to me he said you can't get
60 like 60 oh
so that's when it kind of you know
set in a little bit yeah did you feel
the crowd they were taking so phone
pictures they were standing at the end
yeah you know and I you know I feed off
of that you know when the crowd gets
into it you especially here in La um you
know we're we're kind of you know going
from the bottom to the top all together
so it's important for us to enjoy the
journey and that's what we're doing
right now we're in a journey and uh you
know to put on a show like this for the
fans here on you know here in La it's
truly something special uh you know I
grew up in front of these people and uh
now they're seeing me as a you know as a
older young man you walked off the court
your daughter was that just another
shoulder ride for her she have any idea
what Daddy did tonight she said she said
Daddy they pokeing your
eye I said yeah mama she said are you
okay said yeah she said be careful Daddy
I said all right I'll be careful then
she started smacking me in the
head just mean you I mean 81 points
nobody's ever scored more than that
except the will on one night I don't you
know I don't know man it just uh it
really hasn't you know like set in you
know it's
uh you know for me it's it's it's about
the W and uh you know that's why I
turned it on uh because I felt like
we're a little lethargic so I just start
going full bore and it just turned into
something special and um I wanted to
keep riding a wave to try to demoralize
our opponents and you know just turned
into this um but I to sit here and say
that I grasp you you know what happened
tonight you know I'd be lying man I I
really really hasn't sank in there
weren't many huddle situations in the
second half not a lot of timeouts called
but once you got on your role was there
any conversation in the Huddle other
than just get the ball to Kobe I don't
know I couldn't really hear
anything I just you know Lamar besides
Lamar coming up to me and whispering in
my ear you know that's about the only
thing I heard not much strategy going on
and just kind of no you know I I you
know feeling out such
we're on the same page completely so I I
I know cause before he even makes the
cause you know what I mean we just we
just connect like that it's like on some
Jedi type of thing said that about at
the end he one of the first person you
went to to share his with what was that
like why him because you know CU it's
special cuz you know we've been through
so much you know we've been through so
many battles we've been through so many
things and and and you know it's special
for me because you when I try to play
the game I I play the game to try to um
to try to please
him you know what I mean so like if he's
happy with my performance it makes me
happy because yeah I learned the game
from him you know so he taught me how to
play so if I'm if I'm not playing the
right way if he's not happy or if he's
disappointed in the way that I'm playing
you I take it pretty hard and I want to
bounce back and you know he just looked
at me and smiled at me you know to you
know to say you know he was proud of the
way I played yeah it made me feel good
Kobe are you sure the 81 points wasn't
just a distraction to keep us from
asking you about the fact that you
missed two free throws oh I was pissed
about that oh dude I was so pissed you I
wanted to continue that streak you know
after the Memphis game when I missed
those free throws down there at the end
Craig Hodes and I had a conversation he
said what are you doing on your free
throws and I said all right man I'm not
going to miss anymore and we started you
know going on the streak and I
choked perspective for you to know that
even Michael Jordan Never Had A Night
Like
This um no not really you know
um throughout my career I've been
compared to him you know so many times
and I just wish they would just stop you
know what I mean just stop I mean he was
you know Michael Jordan I'm Kobe Bryan I
mean we're two different players and I
wish people would just let it go it
really annoys
me um because you know you can't compare
um you know what I'm doing to what he's
doing I mean he's one of the greatest
players if not the greatest player of
all time you know what I mean and and
it's not fair for us as a younger
generation to constantly to be compared
to you know such greatness you know from
myself to LeBron James to you know the
other young players you're talking about
Magic Johnson you're talking about
Michael Jord and these guys I mean you
know we can't measure up to them you
know it's important for us just to go
out there and play the game that we know
how to play and and hopefully people
kind of you know they'll sit back and
enjoy what we do you know what I mean
and appreciate what we do as players and
not compare it to you know what they've
done his career high was
60 I mean that's so maybe you can be
compared to him I
you n there's no comparison man you know
he he's Jordan and you know and I'm Kobe
and I I I I really wish people would
stop trying to measure up you know what
I do is in comparison to what he's done
and just you know let what I do just
speak for itself is there any difference
in the satisfaction in tonight where the
points that you scored literally pulled
your team out were part of the win as
opposed to say Dallas where it was more
just putting them away definitely you
know these points tonight mattered we
needed them we needed them you know we
were in a deficit situation we needed to
crawl out of the hole and and the points
that I put in the basket were were were
instrumental and us you know regaining
that momentum and getting that energy
back so it means way more K why do you
think you're going do these things this
year that you couldn't do in previous
year
um I think it's a combination of
experience and uh learning the game and
you know I trained my butt off this
summer I mean I really I really went
pedal to the metal so conditioning wise
I'm I'm ready uh I prepare myself every
game so I'm ready for that and uh you
know I I call quami Brown and Chris F
those gu calling my offensive line you
know because they said incredible
screens for me to free me up you know so
it's it's a you know it's a collection
of things it's not just me going out
there and scoring you know I need help
from my teammates and uh then them
recognizing when they give me the ball
in certain situations and uh they set
excellent screens for me they look for
me made great passes um so you know
without them I couldn't have scored 81
points I mean they did a great job
freeing me up there was a moment there I
think in the fourth quarter time about
what Tex stood up and wish was something
in your ear and wrote something down and
you kind sh your head knowing Tex and
his history what what went on do that
exchange uh well we had a couple of them
and uh he you know he was just talking
pure
strategy um you know how to get the
defense off balance there certain things
that he was seeing out there that he
recommended that I do uh you know to
free me up and uh you know and we talked
about it throughout the course of the
game and um you know he's Yoda
so after
620 was thrown around a little bit what
is it like to actually achieve 80
seem I don't know I can't it's hard
for doesn't even sink it's not sinking
in right now bro I mean I really don't
know it's um I don't know I don't know
what to say are you want to collect
things will you save the box score
whatever if I don't my wife would kill
me I'm terrible at saving stuff I I I
really am and uh you know they're much
better at it than I am and uh so save it
and you know Frame It Up um and you know
when I look back when I have a pop belly
and all of that I'll be happy that she
did so what did the magic magic called
you what did he say just say he's seen a
lot of basketball throughout you know
his his years but he's never seen
anything like it and he was just so
proud of me the way I've been playing
and uh you know it's not listen to you
know what people say and them
criticizing me he said you're playing
extremely well he said you just continue
to do what you do and um say just know
I'm here to support you and you know I
got you back through everything is this
the kind of game at all you know right
at the halfway season kind of game the
kind of performance that you could have
lost and now
maybe yeah hopefully it'll give us a
good push um you know we got you know
four days here we can rest and
recuperate and get ready for Golden
State uh but hopefully we can use this
momentum you know to push forward and uh
and start gaining some momentum going
into the All-Star break can you talk a
little bit about coming out from
halftime um full court press and C a
little bit more Zone tyght ball them out
yeah we wanted to pressure them a little
bit more make them uncomfortable get
some easy points we felt like the
momentum shifted into our favor so it
was important for us to to get up in
them and to pressure them uh and to
force them to start thinking the game
instead of just coming down and just you
know you know playing so
loose you having scored 81 now is it
possible to score 100 oh dude are you
kidding
me uh
um I don't know I guess it's possible I
I don't
know SC I guess he even scored 59 in the
second half through that same time no I
I don't know bro I it's um that's
Unthinkable
27d yeah yeah it's pretty exhausting to
think
about I Rooney in the locker room saying
that he he asked somebody for a box
score and said he was is going to go
into the training room and have you sign
it have a lot of your teammates done
that kind of a thing tonight um yeah a
few of my teammates have staff has and
um you know it's kind of weird because
you know you just see him all the
time you know what I mean so it's it's
uh but it's a tremendous honor though
it's tremendous honor and you know they
even during the game they're just
shaking their head they're just shaking
their head and just um saying how
unbelievable it was would you comment on
your your feelings about the round
profit the any way to make for for TR
yeah I think um you know it's a
double-edged sword man because you know
Ronnie is such a great guy and I'm so
happy for him you to be back playing and
um you know Lon he's one of my best
friends on the team man you know he he
was he's a very talented basketball
player he's very smart and um you he's
very helpful helpful for us in running
our offense um so I just hope that you
he's able to get healthy and uh
hopefully we can bring him back you know
next season he can come in and be a part
of this team you know I love playing
with him so Co we have 4 days off now so
I guess you don't have like an early
morning maybe I'm guessing go out and
like celebrate or after again like this
uh well tonight I I'll go home and get
some more therapy uh on my ankle and on
my knee and uh you know make sure I get
healthy um then tomorrow morning make
some breakfast sit back chill watch some
cartoons you know do that whole
thing cartoon Tom and Jerry man
Kobe isn't it true that you promised
someone you'd help them with their bath
later on yeah yeah
yeah you waiting for your bath yeah she
my daughter wants a bath tonight
so she wants to go
swiming okay you ready to go okay let's
go all
right let's go
mama and how fitting that little one
would come in and end the festivities
you know sitting there listening to Kobe
Bryant he seemed genuinely in awe of
himself tonight and his accomplishment
not being able to put it into
perspective what it means to not only
him but also to the league yeah know
it's strange I talked to Kobe quite a
bit about this the other day I was
asking him I said Do you ever sit back
and and just look at the performances
you put out there like you're 62 you're
81 and do you shock yourself and he says
when I'm playing like that I don't even
realize it I'm in the moment and I look
back at it later and say wow did I
really do that I think a lot of people
said wow a few thousand times tonight